There is a lot of issues with the new open house kind of layout, etc. chief of which is the new harbour view apartments, which is the first built to rent test scheme that we have. The sales pipeline isn't really working with that correctly. So when I input kitchen information, it's not coming up in the kitchen cell for that house on the sales pipeline. So for number two, I've selected the kitchen, but it's not coming up that I've selected the kitchen in the sales pipeline. That's the first thing. Now, the second thing is for house number two, it says handover. For house number one, it is handed over, but it doesn't say handover instead of for sale, which is another issue. Then the homeowners tab, same thing, apartment number one is handed over, but still says, it doesn't say that it's handed over. Apartment number two is handed over, but it says it's handed over. Then you click into apartment number two and into the homeowners kind of page and the access code in portal, it still says pre-handover. That's wrong, but then when you click on Open Portal, it's the correct one, it's the assistant, but it's just not doing anything right. It's just, there's a lot of bugs and errors. It doesn't feel right at all. Same was like, I selected the kitchen for number two, Harbourview apartments, and I've just gone back into kitchen selections, and the kitchen selection is different. It's not there. Plus anyway, the layout, I think there's two different pages for kitchen selections, depends when you click on them, because the last time I went to select the kitchen, it was a different layout, and it had different options. So like, that can't happen. So you have to investigate that and see why there's two different kitchens, kitchen selections pages. Let's see if this one works. Yeah, and this one works kind of. It says pending for some reason, and this, when you go into the sales pipeline on the kitchen tab, it says pending, when it shouldn't, because I just selected it, but it's correct, but I don't know why it says pending. It's very annoying, there's a lot of stuff wrong with it. There's a lot of bug errors and stuff. Let's just see the build to rent. The overview, the built-to-rent overview does not match the actual stats in the sales pipeline. So it says, it says nearly every apartment except 3 and 8 is occupied by somebody, but they're not. So like, they have to match each other. Like, the stats have to match. All the occupancy rate is not true because there's nobody in them. The monthly rent roll is not true. The maintenance and compliance, etc. Like, we can put in fake data, so like, actually, the better thing would be to do is put in the fake data into the sales pipeline and actually have the overview become correct. So like, apartment 1, Sarah Murphy, that's fine. Apartment 2, 10, Sean Connolly. So put those names into the sales pipeline so it looks more populated rather than remove everything, but just make sure it all works and it all matches up. Also, in the BTR overview, the unit status, they're not in order for some reason. And so it goes 1, 10, 11, 12, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. I don't know why. Make sure they're in order. There's a lot of things to do, but just clean up those bits first and make sure just everything works and everything is as it should be again in the BTR management unit section. There's information there, that's fine, just put that information into the sales pipeline as well and make sure everything works, but also, they're not in order again. It's 1, 10, 11, 12, 2, 3, put them in order. All the maintenance stuff, etc., that's fine. Leave it, but make sure it ties in with the sales pipeline. So look, that's the first few bits and pieces that need to be done. So look.