Context

Longview Park is already live and working.

Rathard Park will be onboarded manually via the Developer Portal, exactly as a third-party developer would do.

The Rathard Park CSV is already formatted identically to Longview Park, with one additional column: eircode.

The developer (me) will:

Create the Rathard Park development manually in the Developer Portal.

Upload the Rathard Park CSV.

Your responsibility is to ensure that once the CSV is uploaded, Rathard Park works perfectly with no manual fixes, no DB edits, and no Longview assumptions.

A) Supabase schema change (required)
Add eircode to units/houses table

Add support for Irish Eircodes at unit level.

ALTER TABLE public.units
ADD COLUMN IF NOT EXISTS eircode text;

CREATE INDEX IF NOT EXISTS idx_units_eircode ON public.units(eircode);


Column must be nullable.

No existing Longview data should break.

If the table is named houses, apply the change there instead.

If using Drizzle:

Update the schema to include eircode.

Regenerate types if required.

B) Developer Portal CSV importer (critical)
1. CSV compatibility rules

The importer must continue to accept the existing Longview CSV unchanged.

eircode must be treated as an optional column:

If present, store it.

If missing, do nothing and continue import.

2. Column handling

The importer must correctly process these columns (already used by Longview):

development_code

unit_number

unit_uid

purchaser_name

address_line_1

house_type_code

property_designation

property_type_raw

bedrooms_raw

bathrooms

square_footage

qr_url

Plus new optional column:

eircode

3. Import behaviour (non-negotiable)

Imported units must attach to the currently selected development in the Developer Portal.

The CSV must not create or override developments.

No fallback to Longview Park under any circumstances.

development_code is metadata only and must not force an ID.

4. Validation rules

Hard-fail import if:

unit_uid missing

unit_number missing

address_line_1 missing

Soft-validate eircode:

Trim whitespace

Accept Irish format

Warn on obvious invalid values, but do not block import

C) Zero Longview assumptions (mandatory cleanup)
1. Codebase audit

Search and remove or refactor:

Any hard-coded:

Longview Park names

Longview project IDs

Default development fallbacks

All logic must derive from:

The development selected in the Developer Portal, or

The resolved unit’s development_id (in purchaser flows)

2. QR / purchaser resolver

Ensure the QR resolver:

Resolves unit from token

Uses unit.development_id as the single source of truth

Filters:

Documents

Notices

Assistant RAG context

Map data
by that development only

No project-specific branching.

D) Behavioural guarantee for Rathard Park

You must ensure the following works without any special handling once I upload the CSV:

Rathard Park units appear only under Rathard Park in the dashboard.

QR scans from Rathard Park:

Show Rathard Park name and address

Never reference Longview Park

Documents uploaded to Rathard Park are invisible to Longview Park users.

Assistant answers are scoped to Rathard Park documents and metadata only.

Analytics, counts, and logs are isolated per development.

E) Verification (do not skip)

Add or run a verification script that checks:

Units imported under Rathard Park > 0

All imported units share the same development_id

No Rathard unit references Longview development_id

Sample units correctly return:

address

eircode

QR URL

Longview Park behaviour remains unchanged

Print a clear PASS / FAIL summary.

Constraints

Do not create, seed, or auto-generate Rathard Park.

Do not modify UI or copy.

Do not rename Longview columns.

Treat this as a real developer onboarding scenario.