Execute operational hardening closure. No planning. Implement and verify.

GOALS
A) Google Maps API key rotation + restrictions checklist
B) Backups retention + off-platform proof
C) Canonical hardening status checker path consolidation

A) GOOGLE MAPS KEY HYGIENE
1) Identify where NEXT_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY is defined (configs vs secrets).
2) Ensure key is only in the correct env var location and not duplicated.
3) Update RUNBOOK to require: key rotation + HTTP referrer restriction + API restriction + quotas.
NOTE: You cannot actually rotate the key in Google Cloud from here, but you must:
- produce the exact step-by-step runbook section
- add an explicit “blocker” warning that old key must be disabled before external sharing
- add a checklist item in status-check output reminding operator to confirm rotation done (manual confirmation flag)

B) BACKUP RETENTION + OFF-PLATFORM PROOF
1) Verify backup-nightly.yml is scheduled and uses required secrets.
2) Implement retention cleanup logic if missing:
- 30 daily, 12 weekly, 12 monthly in the bucket prefix
- use object metadata or naming convention timestamps
3) Ensure backups upload to Backblaze B2 via S3 API in non-dry-run mode when RUN_MODE=prod.
4) Add a command/script:
- scripts/backup/verify-remote.ts
that lists the last N objects in the bucket, verifies manifest exists, and confirms encryption present.
5) Add forced-failure test mode that triggers Slack alert (do not leak secrets).
6) Update restore-drill to run monthly via workflow and post success/failure to Slack.

C) CANONICAL STATUS CHECKER
1) Search for all status-check.ts files in repo.
2) Make scripts/hardening/status-check.ts the single canonical implementation.
3) Delete the monorepo duplicate OR replace it with a wrapper that imports and runs the canonical one.
4) Update all docs and scripts to reference only:
npx tsx scripts/hardening/status-check.ts

OUTPUT REQUIRED
Return:
1) File tree showing only one canonical status checker
2) The updated backup retention logic location and how it works
3) The new verify-remote script
4) The updated runbook sections for Maps key rotation/restrictions
5) Proof commands to run:
- backup run (non-dry)
- verify-remote
- forced Slack alert test
- status check
